Adding coverage checking (#794)
flame-engine/flame: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] I read the [Contributor Guide] and followed the process outlined there for submitting PRs.
- [ ] My PR includes unit or integration tests for *all* changed/updated/fixed behaviors and are passing (See [Contributor Guide]).

> - [ ] My PR don't decreases the code coverage, or I have __a very special case__ and explained on the PR description why this PR decreases the coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] My PR does not decrease the code coverage, or I have __a very special case__ and explained on the PR description why this PR decreases the coverage.
```
